deployer/README.md, before:

## Install GPU Sharing with helm charts in Alibaba Cloud Kubernetes Service

## Requirements:

* Kubernetes >= 1.11, kubectl >= 1.12

* You'd better to choose [Alibaba Cloud Kubernetes Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/kubernetes). The solution is only for the dedicated Kubernetes Cluster.

## Steps:

1.Just run:

```
git clone https://github.com/AliyunContainerService/gpushare-scheduler-extender.git
cd gpushare-scheduler-extender/deployer/chart
helm install --name gpushare --namespace kube-system --set kubeVersion=1.11.5 --set masterCount=3 gpushare-installer
```


2.Add gpushare node labels to the nodes requiring GPU sharing

```bash
kubectl label node <target_node> gpushare=true
```

For example:

```bash
kubectl label no mynode gpushare=true
```

3.Install Kubectl extension

4.Install kubectl 1.12 or above
You can download and install `kubectl` for linux

```bash
curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/kubernetes-release/release/v1.12.1/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl
chmod +x ./kubectl
sudo mv ./kubectl /usr/bin/kubectl
```

5.Download and install the kubectl extension

```bash
cd /usr/bin/
wget https://github.com/AliyunContainerService/gpushare-device-plugin/releases/download/v0.3.0/kubectl-inspect-gpushare
chmod u+x /usr/bin/kubectl-inspect-gpushare
```

6.Disable the gpushare node 

```bash
kubectl label node <target_node> gpushare=false
```

For example:

```bash
kubectl label no mynode gpushare=false
```

Commit message:

fix: missing configuration when scheduler update

deployer/README.md, after:

## Install GPU Sharing with helm charts in Alibaba Cloud Kubernetes Service

## Requirements:

* Kubernetes >= 1.11, kubectl >= 1.12

* You'd better to choose [Alibaba Cloud Kubernetes Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/kubernetes). The solution is only for the dedicated Kubernetes Cluster.

## Steps:

1.Just run:

```
git clone https://github.com/AliyunContainerService/gpushare-scheduler-extender.git
cd gpushare-scheduler-extender/deployer/chart
helm install --name gpushare --namespace kube-system --set kubeVersion=1.11.5 --set masterCount=3 gpushare-installer
```
then give node labels which scheduler pods are running on,if scheduler pods are running on master,you can use the follow commands to deploy:
```
helm install --name gpushare-configtool --namespace kube-system configtool

``` 
if not,you should edit the follow fields in file deployer/chart/configtool/value.yaml:
```
nodeSelector:
   # delete this label and add new labels	
   node-role.kubernetes.io/master: ""
```


2.Add gpushare node labels to the nodes requiring GPU sharing

```bash
kubectl label node <target_node> gpushare=true
```

For example:

```bash
kubectl label no mynode gpushare=true
```

3.Install Kubectl extension

4.Install kubectl 1.12 or above
You can download and install `kubectl` for linux

```bash
curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/kubernetes-release/release/v1.12.1/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl
chmod +x ./kubectl
sudo mv ./kubectl /usr/bin/kubectl
```

5.Download and install the kubectl extension

```bash
cd /usr/bin/
wget https://github.com/AliyunContainerService/gpushare-device-plugin/releases/download/v0.3.0/kubectl-inspect-gpushare
chmod u+x /usr/bin/kubectl-inspect-gpushare
```

6.Disable the gpushare node 

```bash
kubectl label node <target_node> gpushare=false
```

For example:

```bash
kubectl label no mynode gpushare=false
```
